since the sixth avenue became
on a pedestrian walk not only follows
being one of the points of commerce
strongest in the capital but a place
of family recreation and a scenario
improvised for urban artists
itinerants who share their art with
applause and donations
our tour started between 12 and 13
streets
we found the group conacaste
they are usually a trio today they were only two
they dedicate to interpret Andean music and what
more important that we are
offering to people is a small
moment of entertainment by means of
the music was a healthy entertainment
clear and apart from an entertainment or
a form of education since music
definitely contributes to a
full education
are five volumes bring more melodies
known from Guatemalan folklore and
folklore is American
Andean music is anyone who
you are interested in our recordings our
discs can you call us in the
telephone number of 49 56 87 62 there
you can call us see with many others
we can serve
half a block later doña ligia
run the hurdy Christmas music
the time this is not a common instrument
his pieces are complex to handle this
cylinder with more than 9,000 pieces
contains eight melodies works with
rope and tradition is to give it a
coin to the monkey that applauds with the
music the money that is raised is
donated to blind musicians who
participate in the creation of these
instruments
we also meet two clowns and
wii and meneito both are dedicated to
materialize children's fantasy
one with balloon twisting and another with pita
Caritas is the art of making people smile
nice arrangement of balloons for children
we are on sixth avenue and 12
street so come to be all for
here we are going to be waiting for you here
Clear
another art is the one that comes out of the hands of
these women with speed and accuracy
braid any hair style
who want to sit in the corner of the
Concordia park and its clients do
row to be taken care of like this
hairstyle that comes here the novice does not
we are giving and 60 but if there is a
little bit of crying that we do not give in 50 no
is any hairstyle that is done in the
sixth avenue there are other artists who see
increased your audience in these
year- end parties his creativity is
applauded by the audience that interacts
with them for example this spiderman
stole the heart of this girl who does not
I wanted to stop hugging him and paying for
his talent was a dozen kisses and that
look of affection that achieved a connection
unforgettable both for the girl and for
the artist
so as we passed the blocks the
talents are still more interesting
these three young people fuse rock with
his skills to play the violin the
flute the tambourine and the guitar make
that anyone who goes through this block
stop admiring your music well
executed these dancers made laugh
to many music function are located in
any corner and they steal applause and
Smiles
all these artists are given by
pleased with applause from his audience
and appreciate any currency that
recognize the skills of
national talents
for a guatemala in peace luis ramírez and
valerón se calidad